tempest-map/README.md, before:

# Tempest Tactical Map

A Next.js 15 + Tailwind CSS 4 control-room experience for the ARC Tempest Unturned plugin.

## Getting started

```bash
npm install
cp .env.example .env.local
npm run dev
```

The development server runs on <http://localhost:3000> by default. Configure the following environment variables to connect both the ingest API and the tactical UI to your MySQL instance:

```
MYSQL_HOST=127.0.0.1
MYSQL_PORT=3306
MYSQL_USER=tempest
MYSQL_PASSWORD=ChangeMe!
MYSQL_DATABASE=tempest_map
LIVE_SYNC_SERVER_KEY=ChangeMe!
```

The Rocket plugin will stream telemetry to `POST /api/unturned/live` with the `X-Server-Key` header set to `LIVE_SYNC_SERVER_KEY`. The Next.js `GET /api/live` endpoint (and the `/map` page) query the same database to power the Leaflet dashboard.

## Available scripts

- `npm run dev` – run the development server with hot reload.
- `npm run build` – compile for production.
- `npm run start` – launch the production build.
- `npm run lint` – run ESLint checks.

## Architecture highlights

- **App Router** with server components for fast initial loads and streaming updates.
- **MySQL-backed Codex API** for ingesting live telemetry directly from the Tempest plugin.
- **Leaflet + React Leaflet** to render the live tactical picture with smooth refreshes.
- **Tailwind CSS 4** design system with neon-accented tactical visuals.
- Graceful fallbacks when the database is unavailable (mock telemetry keeps the UI alive).

Deploy the site to any Node-friendly platform (Vercel, Fly.io, bare metal) and point the in-game `/tmap` command at the `/map`
route.

Commit message:

Add mock telemetry flag to disable database access

tempest-map/README.md, after:

# Tempest Tactical Map

A Next.js 15 + Tailwind CSS 4 control-room experience for the ARC Tempest Unturned plugin.

## Getting started

```bash
npm install
cp .env.example .env.local
npm run dev
```

The development server runs on <http://localhost:3000> by default. Configure the following environment variables to connect both the ingest API and the tactical UI to your MySQL instance:

```
MYSQL_HOST=127.0.0.1
MYSQL_PORT=3306
MYSQL_USER=tempest
MYSQL_PASSWORD=ChangeMe!
MYSQL_DATABASE=tempest_map
LIVE_SYNC_SERVER_KEY=ChangeMe!
TEMPEST_USE_MOCK_DB=false
```

The Rocket plugin will stream telemetry to `POST /api/unturned/live` with the `X-Server-Key` header set to `LIVE_SYNC_SERVER_KEY`. The Next.js `GET /api/live` endpoint (and the `/map` page) query the same database to power the Leaflet dashboard.

For local development without a MySQL server, set `TEMPEST_USE_MOCK_DB=true` to bypass all database access and serve the built-in mock telemetry while keeping the ingest API disabled. This prevents noisy connection errors when the database is intentionally unavailable.

## Available scripts

- `npm run dev` – run the development server with hot reload.
- `npm run build` – compile for production.
- `npm run start` – launch the production build.
- `npm run lint` – run ESLint checks.

## Architecture highlights

- **App Router** with server components for fast initial loads and streaming updates.
- **MySQL-backed Codex API** for ingesting live telemetry directly from the Tempest plugin.
- **Leaflet + React Leaflet** to render the live tactical picture with smooth refreshes.
- **Tailwind CSS 4** design system with neon-accented tactical visuals.
- Graceful fallbacks when the database is unavailable (mock telemetry keeps the UI alive).

Deploy the site to any Node-friendly platform (Vercel, Fly.io, bare metal) and point the in-game `/tmap` command at the `/map`
route.
